hi today I'll be showing you how to make
this badass looking
lamborghini gallardo I made it in a
couple of minutes and it looks really
cool
so I wanted to share this with you guys
so without further ado let's crack on
with a tutorial so you know like
everything started by taking out your
snow one two three four five layers
thick one two three four five six in the
middle one two three four five
take out your call all right take your
snow again one two three four five six
seven place a glass box here now take
out your snow again one two three four
five six same on the other side one two
three four five six now take out your
cords remove this block same on the
other side of course this block please
walk off cool place a fence here you
will see why later on now you're gonna
take off your slaves yeah please a fool
block of quartz here place two layers of
snow now you're gonna make a hole here
you're gonna stand here place a
nitrogen-free gonna take our great
carpet and what we're going to do
actually is creating the exhausting part
you might have seen this trick already
again aim on the fence and place a
another item frame inside the item frame
you already had and now by
right-clicking here in the corner you
can already see now that we have two
item frames inside of each other and
also to carpets now let's do that
quickly
for a turd any for carpet alright so
this didn't really work oh yeah I have
to a mini corner I forgot all right so
now it is correctly please now the last
one here on the top don't do that very
quickly I'm saying you take out a island
frame and aim on the bottom corner here
you see already placed in the direction
yeah is all right this looks great now
we're going to take out a button which
is called a switch in flows HZ 1.8
I always seem to forget that forget that
now another night in frame place a
button
so again aim on the bottom corner here
and now we have a button inside of our
exhausting pipe place the bedrock back
again now take out your other veins one
to take out your iron bars same goes for
here item frame item frame iron bars and
iron Mars now take out your quartz like
this place it's very quickly and take
our another writing frame I didn't frame
you now going to take another look slap
that will look like a lie now take out
your sign
how are we going to type here um
them for Jean
Gallardo and now let's say give this one
a name G zero zero two because I already
made one there which has GG G zero is
you know one all right now um we still
need a sign here alright semen on the
side and now we may not forget to place
carpets so carpet carpet carpet and
carpet seamless for you carpet carpet
and carpet now last thing add a little
snow here on your tires and at one here
as well and make this one higher yeah
this is it this is your Lamborghini
Gallardo I would say enjoy thanks for
watching if you want to see more awesome
content be sure to subscribe to my
channel and by the way if you want a
vehicle tutorial for this tank for that
plane there for a tractor for that
sightseeing London bus or for this
Formula One car for this American trick
for this fuel truck or for this forklift
truck or for the hospital or even for me
excavator or folders amazing military
choppers that was a huge list be sure to
check out a playlist in the description
there will be a link so that you guys
can look at my other awesome vehicle
tutorials well guys that was it thanks
for watching and see you in the next one
bye